Hellooo, the bestestest, cutestest, sweetestest comfort person ever! ✧⁠\⁠(⁠>⁠o⁠<⁠)⁠ﾉ⁠✧ I’m fine and life’s all good! This week is a breeze, I’m free of afternoon classes almost everyday. Apparently since the professor’s busy (yay) attending conferences or something. Not sure about next week though.

Thank you very much, I won’t! Yes, we indeed got this. Fighting for both of us. (૭ ｡•̀ ᵕ •́｡ )૭  Don’t worry, your messages don’t bother me at all! I love reading them. And replying to them. I only reply to them when I have free time too, so don’t worry about that. And no time wasted at all - just time spent doing important stuff. 😁 I won’t call spending my time on Honey Pie as “wasting” my time, so, no. You too, take a rest if you’re tired, okay?

I laughed so hard, yeah, thank you broadcaster!!! For introducing us to our new soulmate anthem. You got back home at 9???? That’s... heck, you must be very tired,  I always get back home at around 4 everyday so that sounds very tiring, hope you’re healthy and all good? And I hope today’s treating you better. Please get enough rest. (⁠ ⁠；⁠∀⁠；⁠) Anyway, it’s totally fine to not occasionally update here! Just use this page when you feel like doing it. Whenever you want to rant, whenever you want to tell me about your day, et cetera. I’ve missed you moooooreeeeee. ༼⁠;⁠´⁠༎ຶ⁠ ⁠۝ ⁠༎ຶ⁠༽   God this kaomoji’s horrendous. Accurate though.

I know right... my friends are also surprised whenever I told them I was into K-Pop back in my early teenager years. They all gave me a weird look and said “mate what?” since I strongly don’t seem like a guy that would enjoy K-Pop songs. To be fair the Hallyu Wave was literally everywhere and I listened to one catchy song and got hooked (lmao). Back then I used to listen to iKon, their tunes are all unique. I recall that my favourite iKon song was Perfect (that’s the title). Typing this while listening to it.... man, reminds me of my cringy teenager phase, so it kinda traumatised me too also. But to be frank, can’t deny that those are fun days though. And that’s not so cute of me, come on man! Wait no, I mean come on cutie!!

Bloody ell that’s long, anyways.

I laughed so hard. Noooo, I’m not lying! I’m a terrible myth-teller so I won’t tell any myths. I haven’t been called sweet before. The consequence of being a seemingly serious person, probably? ＼⁠(ﾟ⁠ｰﾟ⁠＼⁠) And that’s such a big honour, thaaank you very much! Reading that makes me grateful of the day I decided to create this page. But man, want me to be that so called fancy car though. I will never rust. Ah, I made this webpage for about three days - working around the base and designing it on day one, coding the back-end on day two, and finishing plus sending it to you on day three. Quite a simple process, and the coding itself is fairly simple too, so it doesn’t take me too long to finish. Also I was very truly free back then. Uni hasn’t yet started.

No waaaay, you didn’t and don’t and won’t bother me at all. Please believe me. 🥺🥺 It’s a-okay to paste a link here too, and feel free to ask me anything! No such thing as too many questions.

Damn. Makes sense. I wanna CMS too. I agree, coding is hard and I’m not genius nor skilled. Heh, okaaay. You’re genius and skilled though, Einstein, I’m sure you’ll learn quicker than anyone else. (⁠ﾉ⁠◕⁠ヮ⁠◕⁠)⁠ﾉ⁠*⁠.⁠✧

My pleasure! I laughed so hard, hope your professor didn’t notice though?? With due respect, if they happened to notice and mentioned it to you I’d say do not hesitate to bang-bang them in the head. To get rid of embarrassment. No, just kidding, that’s horrible. Indeed, our new soulmate anthem confirmed!! Can’t thank that one radio broadcaster enough.

That’s nice! You could rest easy then. I was busy with uni but I’m free now, I think it’s about 9pm over your place the moment I’m typing this. I’m currently listening to Ian Brown’s Corpses In Their Mouths. I’m bringing a John Grisham book with me and I was reading it two hours ago. Not sure when you’ll open this page again, but hiiii what about you, wyd the moment you’re reading this? (⁠ ⁠◜⁠‿⁠◝⁠ ⁠)⁠♡

Today’s treating me nicely so far, thank you very much! Hope today treated you nicely too, and I hope everything goes well with you as well! Sure, I will, you too okay? Please feel free to send me as much messages as you want, don’t be sorry. I’m all ears for you too. Oh also, you don’t have to reply to all these. Hope you’re having a peaceful night right now, see ya. ⊂⁠(⁠•⁠‿⁠•⁠⊂⁠⁠)⁠*⁠.⁠✧

Update: I just read your recent message. Love you moreee. You too, get some rest, okay? Don’t stay up late. The kaomoji’s showing up just fine. And it’s cute. Sent by a cute person too. (⁠づ⁠￣⁠ ⁠³⁠￣⁠)⁠づ
